c:\users\miguel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\msql\msql\bin\Debug\msql.exe.config
c:\users\miguel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\msql\msql\bin\Debug\msql.exe
c:\users\miguel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\msql\msql\bin\Debug\msql.pdb
c:\users\miguel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\msql\msql\bin\Debug\WeifenLuo.WinFormsUI.Docking.dll
c:\users\miguel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\msql\msql\obj\Debug\msql.fMdiMain.resources
c:\users\miguel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\msql\msql\obj\Debug\msql.fObjectExplorer.resources
c:\users\miguel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\msql\msql\obj\Debug\msql.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\miguel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\msql\msql\obj\Debug\msql.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\miguel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\msql\msql\obj\Debug\msql.exe
c:\users\miguel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\msql\msql\obj\Debug\msql.pdb
c:\users\miguel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\msql\msql\bin\Debug\Fireball.CodeEditor.dll
c:\users\miguel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\msql\msql\bin\Debug\Fireball.CodeEditor.SyntaxFiles.dll
c:\users\miguel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\msql\msql\bin\Debug\Fireball.Core.dll
c:\users\miguel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\msql\msql\bin\Debug\Fireball.Win32.dll
c:\users\miguel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\msql\msql\bin\Debug\Fireball.Windows.Forms.dll
c:\users\miguel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\msql\msql\bin\Debug\Fireball.SyntaxDocument.dll
C:\Users\Miguel\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\msql\msql\obj\Debug\msql.fConex.resources
C:\Users\Miguel\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\msql\msql\bin\Debug\DiffieHellman.dll
C:\Users\Miguel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\msql\msql\obj\Debug\msql.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Miguel\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\msql\msql\bin\Debug\msqlcore.dll
C:\Users\Miguel\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\msql\msql\bin\Debug\msqlcore.pdb
C:\Users\Miguel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\msql\msql\obj\Debug\msql.fQueryW.resources
